I am going to show you how to make them
with one of our 40 pipe kits or we gotta
as a fermentation vessel an airlock a
spoon for stirring the ingredients with
a thermometer for checking the
temperature before you pitch your yeast
and some sterilizer and clean and for
sterilizing all of your equipment before
you start you also need a kit which you
can choose you choose which one you want
to work with we've got continental
pilsner the woods wearing better we've
also got the Cooper's survey so if you
using monthly the single think it also
provides you with some beer enhancer
okay to start with you need to sterilize
out all of our equipment the reason we
do that is like anything to do with food
production you wouldn't make a meal
without cleaning your work surface and
your implements down first of all and
that's the same we brewing the only
thing is that you have to go on stage
further anything that comes into contact
with with the liquid that's going to be
fermented or the equipment that it's
going to be fermented it needs to be
completely sterilized therefore all
bacteria has been killed off the reason
for that is that the yeast needs to be
able to grow it needs to be able to turn
the sweet sugars that exist in the
liquid into alcohol and if it's going to
compete with any other bacteria then the
chance of you doing that are or reduce
significantly the other thing is that
bacteria can introduce off flavors and
off off off for Roma's into your beer
and you can also get a spoiled beer or
beer that won't ferment whatsoever so
it's not rocket science it just needs to
be done needs to be done well and make
sure we've completely sterilized it to
do that we use our sterilizer here and
Ygritte the switches here say that we
use two to three tek teaspoons per 10
liters of water I just take the lid off
here put two and a half in there
you just pop that under the tap now and
we just want to fill that to our
attending tomorrow that you can see
inside of the that's awesome now you'll
read the safety instructions on here
will tell you that this is corrosive
it's bad for your skin as long as you
wash it off your your hands when you
finish that shouldn't be a problem what
we'll do here is anything that comes
into contact our this process we need to
make sure is it's completely sterilized
so we'll take the grommet take the the
airlock in two parts we're going to take
our stirrer and also our thermometer and
pop blows into the vessel just give that
a good stir from neck shoulder wedges
although the sterilizing powder and
we're at the 10 liter Malcolm there so
we take down the sink what I'll lid off
make sure you click into place make sure
we get a good seal there is a hole in
the top of this so you'll need to cover
that with your finger but all we do now
to rock this backwards and forwards to
make sure that we're getting the
sterilizing solution all over the sides
and the top of the vessel you will get
some gas buildup here but if you take
your finger off slowly I should release
gently what we need to do now is leave
that for five minutes and then we'll
give that another shake ok so we left
this for five minutes we're just going
to give this another thing out again put
our thumb over the top of the whole foot
pound and again release the pressure
slowly and what we also need to be here
we just peel the lid back so that the
lid is completely covered and also the
box and some sterilizing Lucian around
the edge you bake the late and over the
top as well to make sure that all
bacteria it's completely clear
and also just around the edges here make
sure we haven't trapped any dudes or any
bacteria on the top watch this on here
make sure it's giving all of the
purposes at the top pop that back on now
wash our hands and we need to leave that
for another five minutes now okay so
while we're waiting for our equipment to
sterilize I'll show you what you get in
the kit look at the other two pound kit
here you'll find that you have sasho
yeast and also be given two cans of our
mold and the instructions for the
product are listed on the back of the
box what we need to do before we can
start and one what's sterilizing as we
put both cans into hot water or even do
that is within the inside the cans
there's quite a thick what's called word
and that's the thing that we're going to
ferment and because it's very much like
a honey or syrup we just need to raise
the temperature of that to make that
easier to pour so we'll just pop that
into the sink into hot water and we'll
leave that for a few minutes after three
minutes if you sing something I'll just
turn the cans upside down and also we'll
get the heat through and that will pull
finished out ok so our cans have been in
the hot water for six minutes you're
taking those out now our equipment is
completely sterilized with left 5 10
minutes so what we need to do now is
just completely rinse equipment it's
wrong that under the cold tap actual all
sterilizing solutions in the move you
can use this on your work surface as
there's a sterile test equipment down
when she spoon when she thermometer
I'm develop an app to the book it use
the rest of the solar insulation
get one more final ribs
okay now ready to start to make the fear